Klaviyo Migration - no action is required for Ajs (#6728)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/klaviyo/index.md

## Migrate to the Klaviyo (Actions) destination

> info ""

> > Klaviyo Classic destination in Web Device Mode configuration is not deprecating so **no action is required**. This migration applies only to Klaviyo Classic using Cloud Mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Segment is not deprecating Klaviyo Classic destinations that use a Web Device Mode configuration. Users that have destinations with this configuration **do not need to take any action**. 
>
> This migration applies **only** to Klaviyo Classic destinations in Cloud Mode.
```
